docs: improve description of deploying-locally page (#89)
reanahub/docs.reana.io: docs/administration/deployment/deploying-locally/index.md

## For researchers

If you are a researcher and would like to try out deploying a small REANA cluster on your laptop,

> you can proceed as follows.

Reviewer: Minor: What is the reasoning behind this change?

Author: It didn't fit on my screen so I trailed it for better readability.

If you are a developer and would like to work with REANA cluster source code, you can proceed as follows.

> **1.** Find what Python version is currently used for development
> by checking a Python version in `Dockerfile` of one of the REANA cluster components
> ([example](https://github.com/reanahub/reana-server/blob/master/Dockerfile)).
> Set up a virtual environment with the proper Python version
> and install the `reana-dev` helper script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1.** Find what Python version is currently used for development
by checking the base image Python version in the `Dockerfile` of one of the REANA cluster components
(e.g. [REANA Server `Dockerfile`](https://github.com/reanahub/reana-server/blob/master/Dockerfile)).
Set up a virtual environment with the proper Python version
and install the `reana-dev` helper script:
```

(reana) $ pip install git+git://github.com/reanahub/reana.git#egg=reana
```

> In addition, for **conda** users, set `VIRTUAL_ENV` variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, for **conda** users, set `VIRTUAL_ENV` env variable:
```

```console

> (reana) $ export VIRTUAL_ENV=/../../miniconda3/envs/reana/bin/python

Reviewer: I cannot test the coda environment as I don't have it installed. Maybe @tiborsimko you can?

In any case, I might be wrong but the path doesn't look right to me. It starts from the root (`/`) and tries to go to the parent directory.
Plus, one shouldn't use relative paths in documentation as (I guess) the conda env dir location may vary depending on the user. Maybe we can use `~` instead? Not sure if `miniconda3` should be in the home directory.

Author: This example is taken from my conda local installation => `/Users/vmois/miniconda3/envs/reana/bin/python`. I just made it more general. You can use relative, I guess, but I used the absolute path here.

Ohh. I just realized. I can replace with => `/<your_path_here>/miniconda3/envs/reana/bin/python`

Author: There is also `miniconda3`, `anaconda3`, and other similar names for different versions of conda. I am not sure how to show it here.

```

**2.** Fork and clone all REANA source code repositories:

```console
(reana) $ reana-dev git-fork --help
(reana) $ eval "$(reana-dev git-fork -c ALL)"
(reana) $ reana-dev git-clone -c ALL -u johndoe
```

For **MacOS**, add `-b open` to `git-fork` command, example:

```console
(reana) $ reana-dev git-fork -c ALL -b open
```

> 

Reviewer: I'm not sure if we should include this or for something more generic like "You can customize the browser by adding the `-b` flag, e.g. macOS users can run ..."

Also, this command should be wrapped in the `eval` to open the browser directly, as it's above.
